[EDU-3821] [EDU-3809] refactor: adjust links (#659)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/edge-firewall/update-edge-firewall.mdx

description: Learn how to update deprecated features of your Edge Firewall
---

> In this document, we will indicate the features used in the deprecated versions, showing how to bring them to the latest version. To learn more about new features, and how to use them, see the [product page](https://www.azion.com/pt-br/produtos/edge-firewall/) and [documentation](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document indicates the features used in the deprecated versions, showing how to bring them to the latest version. To learn more about new features, and how to use them, see the [product page](https://www.azion.com/en/products/edge-firewall/) and [documentation](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/).
```

> In this document, we will indicate the features used in the deprecated versions, showing how to bring them to the latest version. To learn more about new features, and how to use them, see the [product page](https://www.azion.com/pt-br/produtos/edge-firewall/) and [documentation](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/).

Author: ```suggestion
In this document, we will indicate the features used in the deprecated versions, showing how to bring them to the latest version. To learn more about new features, and how to use them, see the [product page](https://www.azion.com/en/products/edge-firewall/) and [documentation](/en/documentation/products/secure/edge-firewall/).
```
